feat: Adding release documentation for NGINX Agent Integration (#80)
nginxinc/nginx-amplify-doc: content/known-issues.md

---

> ### NGINX Agent does not support PHP-FPM metrics. {#647}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not support PHP-FPM metrics. {#647}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 647      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

The [NGINX Agent](https://github.com/nginx/agent) does not yet support [PHP-FPM metrics](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/metrics-metadata/other-metrics/#php-fpm-metrics).

> ### NGINX Agent does not support MySQL metrics. {#648}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not support MySQL metrics. {#648}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 648      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

The [NGINX Agent](https://github.com/nginx/agent) does not yet support [MySQL metrics](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/metrics-metadata/other-metrics/#mysql-metrics).

> ### NGINX Agent does not support Agent metrics. {#650}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not support Agent metrics. {#650}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 650      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

The [NGINX Agent](https://github.com/nginx/agent) does not yet support agent performance metrics.

* amplify.agent.status

* amplify.agent.cpu.system

* amplify.agent.cpu.user

* amplify.agent.mem.rss

* amplify.agent.mem.vms

> ### NGINX Agent does not support remote Agent Settings. {#679}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not support remote Agent Settings. {#679}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 679      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

The NGINX Agent does not yet support remote configuration as documented in [Account Settings]({{< relref "/user-interface/account-settings.md" >}}).

#### Workaround
NGINX configuration file analysis and SSL analysis are enabled by default.  To disable NGINX configuration upload remove the **nginx-config-async** string from the feature list in the [NGINX Agent Configuration](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-agent/configuration-overview/).  To disable SSL analysis remove **nginx-ssl-config**.

> ### NGINX Agent does not perform periodic `nginx -t`. {#711}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not perform periodic `nginx -t`. {#711}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 711      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description
The NGINX Agent does not have the capability to run `nginx -t` periodically.

#### Workaround
You can run the `nginx -t` command manually on your NGINX instance host.

> ### NGINX Agent does not manage multiple NGINX instances. {#683}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not manage multiple NGINX instances. {#683}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 683      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

> The **NGINX Agent** can only manage one **NGINX** instance per system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX Agent can only manage one NGINX instance per system.
```

> ### NGINX Agent does not support Metric Filters. {#680}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Agent does not support Metric Filters. {#680}
```

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 680      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

> **NGINX Agent** does not support [metric filters](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/user-interface/dashboards/).  If your NGINX instance is managed by the NGINX Agent, you will not be able to add a metric filter when you create a custom dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX Agent does not support [metric filters](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-amplify/user-interface/dashboards/).  If the NGINX Agent manages your NGINX instance, you cannot add a metric filter when you create a custom dashboard.
```

### {{% icon-bug %}} Inaccurate alert when NGINX agent disconnects {#988}

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 988      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

> When using the nginx-agent, host connectivity alerts may reference the incorrect server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host connectivity alerts may reference the incorrect server when using the NGINX Agent.
```

#### Workaround

> The correct server to check connectivity is receiver-grpc.amplify.nginx.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The correct server to check connectivity is `receiver-grpc.amplify.nginx.com`.
```

### {{% icon-bug %}} NGINX Plus zone metrics not supported {#665}

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 665      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

> NGINX Agent does not support reporting the plus.* metrics per zone but it can be used to display a cumulative sum of values from each zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX Agent does not support reporting the `plus.*` metrics per zone, but it can be used to display a cumulative sum of values from each zone.
```

### {{% icon-bug %}} Configuration analysis fails when NGINX root configuration is not named `nginx.conf` {#658}

{{<bootstrap-table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Issue ID | Status |
|----------|--------|
| 658      | Open   |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

#### Description

> Amplify will not be able to perform configuration analysis for NGINX instances mananged by the NGINX agent when the root NGINX configuration file is not named `nginx.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify cannot perform configuration analysis for NGINX instances managed by the NGINX agent when the root NGINX configuration file is not named `nginx.conf`.
```

#### Workarand

> The Amplify Agent is not impacted by this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue does not affect the Amplify Agent.
```
